Create ui-c8y-1022-4-1-assign-devices-is-clickable-again-graft-release-cd-9444.md (#3486)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-4-1-assign-devices-is-clickable-again-graft-release-cd-9444.md

---
date: ""

> title: The assign-device screen is now rendered correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Assign devices view is now rendered correctly
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63960
version: 1022.4.1
---

> The bottom drawer of the assign-device screen was opened twice, which led to a misalignment of the component and made it unusable. With this fix, the drawer only opens once, and the selection elements are correctly usable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bottom drawer of the **Assign devices** view was opened twice, which led to a misalignment of the component and made it unusable. With this fix, the drawer only opens once, and the selection elements are correctly usable. 
```
